what does America mean to you
[Music]
your removal is final there's nothing
you can do but this is my home New York
is my home 13.8 billion years ago the
Big Bang created the stars the planets
the galaxies compared to the life span
of the universe our lives begin and end
in a single day
I'm Daniel Natasha calls today around
wait let me guess not all of them I
don't believe in love so no magic no
fade no meant to be what if I told you I
could get you to fall in love with me
just give me a day an hour when your key
ingredients to fall in love my
ingredients our friendship chemistry The
X Factor what's the X Factor don't worry
we've got it
this isn't gonna make me change my mind
mr. plaid tie did you just call me Pat
I'm glad time my family is from Korean
not Thailand that is not what I said so
you can stop waiting for an apology oh
I'm waiting for something but not for an
apology
[Music]
now I don't
but I think I could toss yo what are you
so afraid of listen I wasn't born here
what my family is leaving tomorrow this
is real and I know fill it to the choice
I thought she was
[Music]
you don't have forever
all we have is a single day
[Music]